README.md, before:

# UCA-MSc-DSAI

Resources for my Master's of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence at the University Côte d'Azur.

## Grades
### Recap
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Year</th>
    <th>Semester</th>
    <th>Semester Average</th>
    <th>Year Average</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>
        Year 1
      </td>
      <td>
        Semester 1
      </td>
      <td align="center">
        17.48
      </td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center">16.80</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Semester 2
      </td>
      <td align="center">16.12</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>
        Year 2
      </td>
      <td>
        Semester 3
      </td>
      <td align="center">
      </td>
      <td rowspan=2>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Semester 4
      </td>
      <td align="center">
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Semester grades are an average of each subject's grade, weighted by the subject's numbers of credits (ECTS).

### Year 1
#### Semester 1
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=5>Refresher</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic Probability</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
      <td rowspan=5 align="center">18.6</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic Algebra for Data Analysis</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic Algorithmics</td>
      <td align="center">17</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic tools for System Management </td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Methods and tools for technical and scienific writing </td>
      <td align="center">18</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Statistics</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Statistical Inference Theory</td>
      <td align="center">15</td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center">15</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Statistical Inference Practice</td>
      <td align="center">15</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Data Mining</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: A general introduction to Machine Learning</td>
      <td align="center">11</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">17</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Processing large datasets with R</td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Technologies for Big Data with Python</td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Data Visualization and Management</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Ethical aspects of data</td>
      <td align="center">19.01</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">18.815</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Distributed Big Data Systems</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Data visualization</td>
      <td align="center">18.5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=1>Workshop and Vulgarization</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Workshop and Vulgarization</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
      <td rowspan=1 align="center">19</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Semester 2
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Statistical Learning</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Statistical Learning Theory</td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">18.10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Model selection and resampling methods</td>
      <td align="center">18</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Optimization for Data Science</td>
      <td align="center"> 16.31 </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Machine Learning</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Machine learning algorithms</td>
      <td align="center">12.87</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">15.12</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Introduction to deep learning</td>
      <td align="center">15.50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Web of Data</td>
      <td align="center">17</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Personal Work</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Case Studies</td>
      <td align="center">13.5</td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center">15.375</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Internship</td>
      <td align="center">16</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


### Year 2
#### Semester 3
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=4>Base</td>
      <td>:construction: Bayesian Learning</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td rowspan=4 align="center"> </td>
    </tr>
    <td>:construction: Advanced Deep Learning</td>
    <td> </td>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Introduction to Information Theory</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Model-Based statistical Learning</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Advanced methods in ML</td>
      <td>:construction: Research Project</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center"> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Federated Learning - Data Privacy</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Advanced methods in AI</td>
      <td>:construction: Statistical Analysis of Graphs</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center"> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Deep Learning for computer vision</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Inverse Problems in image processing</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Semester 4
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Personal Training </td>
      <td>:soon: Internship</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

Add request for repo users

README.md, after:

# UCA-MSc-DSAI

:star::star::star:\
**Please star this repo if you use it (especially extensively)**\
:star::star::star:

Resources for my Master's of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence at the University Côte d'Azur.

## Grades
### Recap
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Year</th>
    <th>Semester</th>
    <th>Semester Average</th>
    <th>Year Average</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>
        Year 1
      </td>
      <td>
        Semester 1
      </td>
      <td align="center">
        17.48
      </td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center">16.80</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Semester 2
      </td>
      <td align="center">16.12</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>
        Year 2
      </td>
      <td>
        Semester 3
      </td>
      <td align="center">
      </td>
      <td rowspan=2>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Semester 4
      </td>
      <td align="center">
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Semester grades are an average of each subject's grade, weighted by the subject's numbers of credits (ECTS).

### Year 1
#### Semester 1
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=5>Refresher</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic Probability</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
      <td rowspan=5 align="center">18.6</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic Algebra for Data Analysis</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic Algorithmics</td>
      <td align="center">17</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Basic tools for System Management </td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Methods and tools for technical and scienific writing </td>
      <td align="center">18</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Statistics</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Statistical Inference Theory</td>
      <td align="center">15</td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center">15</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Statistical Inference Practice</td>
      <td align="center">15</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Data Mining</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: A general introduction to Machine Learning</td>
      <td align="center">11</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">17</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Processing large datasets with R</td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Technologies for Big Data with Python</td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Data Visualization and Management</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Ethical aspects of data</td>
      <td align="center">19.01</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">18.815</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Distributed Big Data Systems</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Data visualization</td>
      <td align="center">18.5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=1>Workshop and Vulgarization</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Workshop and Vulgarization</td>
      <td align="center">19</td>
      <td rowspan=1 align="center">19</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Semester 2
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Statistical Learning</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Statistical Learning Theory</td>
      <td align="center">20</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">18.10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Model selection and resampling methods</td>
      <td align="center">18</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Optimization for Data Science</td>
      <td align="center"> 16.31 </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Machine Learning</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Machine learning algorithms</td>
      <td align="center">12.87</td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center">15.12</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Introduction to deep learning</td>
      <td align="center">15.50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Web of Data</td>
      <td align="center">17</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Personal Work</td>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Case Studies</td>
      <td align="center">13.5</td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center">15.375</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:heavy_check_mark: Internship</td>
      <td align="center">16</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


### Year 2
#### Semester 3
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=4>Base</td>
      <td>:construction: Bayesian Learning</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td rowspan=4 align="center"> </td>
    </tr>
    <td>:construction: Advanced Deep Learning</td>
    <td> </td>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Introduction to Information Theory</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Model-Based statistical Learning</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Advanced methods in ML</td>
      <td>:construction: Research Project</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td rowspan=2 align="center"> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Federated Learning - Data Privacy</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>Advanced methods in AI</td>
      <td>:construction: Statistical Analysis of Graphs</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td rowspan=3 align="center"> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Deep Learning for computer vision</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:construction: Inverse Problems in image processing</td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

#### Semester 4
<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Module</th>
    <th>Course</th>
    <th>Course grade</th>
    <th>Module grade</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Personal Training </td>
      <td>:soon: Internship</td>
      <td> </td>
      <td> </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
